# Cardm (Chase) Process Trans.

in Quickbooks: -> gray bar at the top -> Banking -> Use register -> Cardmember Services (Chase) -> OK

Once in the credit card register, skip over the deposits (credits). Take note of the last 4 or 5 transactions. Note their dates & amounts. You will need this information for when you are on the Chase site. You need the dates to know where to start in Chase and the amounts so that you do not enter them again.

Cardmember Services (Chase): Login online: See the login info in Master passwords list:

Login to Chase online account. Click on the parent card, do not click on the card that has 9290 and Trevor Knight as the name. You will only pull in Trevors spending instead of all of the cards associated with the business account. You will select the parent card titled Ink Cash 9290. See below on how to manually process a csv file and then manually enter the transactions into QB's.

In this case, the dates go back to 10/13/24 - which is some what recent. Once you have pulled the csv spreadsheet from the online Chase account. Save it in the controller folder -> banking -> credit cards -> Chase -> label it to match the other date formatting. Use the date for the last day that you pulled the transactions. **Remember to save it as an excel spreadsheet or it will not save any notes or formatting in the csv file. Archive the csv file. You are now ready to work the excel spreadsheet. Make sure to sort your dates from the oldest to the newest or by cardholder #. Using the Cardmember services account register in QB's (shown above) identify if there are any transactions on the excel spreadsheet that have already been entered into QB's. I change the font to gray on the spreadsheet to identify the duplicate transactions so that they are not entered in again. The reason you want to pull the dates to slightly overlap has to do with how Chase posts their dates. You can miss some of the transactions if you do not overlap because Chase is very flickle with posting their transaction dates. The transactions below that are grayed out are already in the QB's register (shown above) so they will not be entered in again.

Back in QB's, -> gray bar at the top -> Banking -> Enter credit card charges -> Batch Transactions

In the Chase spreadsheet: the below example below is how to start entering transactions

1. Open the master password spreadsheet, go to the last tab: Chase credit card #'s: You will need this to be able to identify the number to the name of the card. This will information will be needed to add to the memo for each transaction. Descriptions: You will need to put a description for almost every transaction. - The initials or name of the card holder must be in the description. - It is mandatory to complete a description for every transaction accept for transactions that are self explantory i.e. fuel. Restaurants: should have the cardholder and name of the restaurant in the description if you are not using the actual vendor name. If it is not a Trevor charge - the description should also include who was included in the meal i.e. Tom and Zack estimating lunch or John took Linkous PM to lunch, staff-wide lunch, or training mtg. etc. Travel: If travel occurs by employees, it is usually for installing out of town. These types of expenses i.e. hotel, per diem, employee mileage, etc will ultimately be pointed to COGS: "Other Expenses" and added manually added as an expense against the job in Innergy. ***special instructions*** If this is truly project related (meaning 60 miles from our office and it is written in the contract to include out of town expenses, then we will add it to the project in Innergy. Mileage, hotels, per diem, etc. ***special instructions*** If you do not have all of the information to point the transaction to the correct GL account, point it to research transactions until you can complete the following: 1. Add Innergy Project # to the memo line along with the cardholders initial. 2. A brief description in the memo line as to the type of purchase or reason for purchase. 3. There will be job related transactions that will need to be manually entered into Innergy since Ken did not have prior knowledge of the purchase on the credit card. (see tab: Innergy - Add Expenses Manually) Trevor's Transactions: We do not need to complete a standard SOP description for Trevors transactions. If you do not know where to point the transaction, refer to the vendor profile to see where they were classified previously. **Please note** Items that cannot be pointed as business expense such as dog training, vet visits, Dicks Sporting Goods type transactions will be pointed to TK Draw (Current Year) GL account. Research Transactions: There will be transactions that will need to be researched until you can find more information. The majority of these transactions will be, but not limited to, Ken Lee's card and occasionally from Home Depot. (See research transactions tab for how to shift those transactions out of the research bucket and into their correct GL account. You will run a report for research transactions account to give to Ken at least once a week but at minimum, once a month. When he returns it to you, you will reclassify the transactions according to the info on the PO in Innergy according to our normal SOP labeling standards. Memo Description Format (Standard): KL: PO# 104323: (Job #) P-24-1327: (Job Name) GSA Tenant Improvement: (Person who entered the cc transaction initial: DL Memo Description Format (PO# not in Innergy first): SC: Lowe's: No PO# (in Innergy) (job #) (job name) (not entered into Innergy): Please see the Home Depot tab for a more comphension guide as to how and why we do it this way. - WHen you are ready to enter the description details, you will update the memo line to include job #, job name, and "entered into Innergy" this will make it easier and quicker to perform monthly review of accounts since it is confirmed that the transaction has been manually entered into Innergy. When a transaction is manually entered into Innergy, it will not have a PO# so there will be no need to entered it on the memo line as part of the description. Hence the No PO# reference in its place.

Make sure to double check the account. If it goes into the wrong account, you will need to go the wrong accounts register in QB's and individually move every single transaction to the correct account. If you do this with a card like Chase (Cardmember Services) it could take hours
