# Overview

**Rule #1:** Do not pay off of statements, purchase orders, packing slip, pic tickets, order acknowledgements, estimates, etc.

**Rule #2:** Pay off of invoices only: the only exception is when setting up recurring payments.

**Rule #3:** Do not turn on auto save. It will save everything that comes over an invoice regardless if it's a PO, estimate, packing slip, statement, etc. It will not let you review it, it automatically adds the document as an invoice to be paid. This is a big no-no.

**Rule #4:** Do not enter or pay a previous balance on a current invoice. If there is a previous balance listed on a invoice, only enter/pay the invoice amount. You will then make sure that we have the previous invoice on file to pay. If not, you will need to contact the vendor to send it bill.com

Recurring: Definition of recurring: a payment made to a vendor, company, or employee, etc that is paid the same amount every month for the same expense. The installers are set up on recurring payments for their cell phone bill. Please do not have them submit cell phone allowance on their monthly expense reports.

An example of this would be a cell phone allowance set at $35 paid to the same employee every month. Another example of how we use recurring is quartely payments made to investors

We do have a few recurring payments set up that the payments will change every month. This is done so that we do not forget to make payments for vendors who do not get regular monthly invoices. These are typically utility payments i.e. MLGW, dumpster removal, etc.

Inbox Guidelines: - Sorting: Always sort oldest to newest so that the oldest invoices are processed first - Oddball Invoices: Be aware of invoices that require special attention: TPC - Southwind: they send statements that are actually invoices & statments combined: the total for that months invoice is not listed on the statement. You have to remove the prior balance, adding the base plus the taxes & fees to get the true amount owed for that month. Do not include the previous balance as it was already captured on the previous invoice. If we do not have a previous invoice, you must contac them for it. Farrell Calhoun/Sherwin Williams: They will send an order achknowledgement or order invoice. Then turn around and send an actual invoice. You will need to pay attention when they come over since they look very similiar Dell Financial: they send over statements that are a blend of statement and an invoice. Save them as a document on their vendor profile (see below) they are just as confusing as TPC - Southwind. - AI Technology: most of time, AI works well. Sometimes, it will glitch. Pay attention to the following: Vendor Name: It will suggest a partial vendor name or a different way of spelling the vendor. We have most of the vendor's in bill.com - so adding a new one doesn't happen often. Please wipe out the suggested name and put in the vendor name to select the vendor name in bill.com. This is important because when bill.com suggests an alternate name of a vendor already in the system, it will create a second name/profile. It will create another vendor in QB's when it sync's. It can disconnect any e-payments or virtual card set up. It gets messy. Invoice#/Date: When it glitches, it will often put random invoices # in or use our account # for the invoice # or use random dates. Make sure to glance at the prefill boxes for accuracy.

Saving Statements/Purchase Orders/Packing Slip: We often have statements sent to the bill.com inbox: Save as a vendor documents: -> While in the inbox, go to the far left under more drop down -> New document -> Vendor -> Label the title as statement/PO/Packing Slip, etc with the date on the document. Statements: Purchase Orders:

Duplicate Invoice Warning: double check - right side of the invoice screen in the note section to see if there is a message. Sometimes bill.com flags an invoice to be a duplicate. Most of the time it is, but sometimes it will not be a duplicate. One way to tell is to check the invoice # in the warning message to the number on the invoice. Most of the time they are the same number. Occasionally, there is a different #. Open a second browser for bill.com -> go to vendor -> filter for that vendor -> locate the invoice in question to compare the details. If it is not a duplicate invoice, proceed with entering the new invoice. If it is a duplicate invoice, please delete it from the bill.com inbox.
